'Yesterday is History, Tomorrow is Mystery and Today is a Gift thus its called Present'
This is possibly a saying which almost each and every one of us has come across at least once. 
The words may have been different but the expression remains constant. It provides us with a clear cut description that all we have in hand is present and that is the very thing which needs our utmost attention, neither the past nor the present can spark a revolution in one's life but only the present can.
Happiness and success comes to those who understand and embed in themselves the fundamental truth of life which says that its every single moment that matters the most because finally its such moments that add up to form the entire life of a person. Keeping this concept in ind one needs to focus on what they have in hand and that is today. To make the most of it the individual needs to learn from the past, apply that in the present to strengthen the future but this does not mean that mean that time should be wasted lamenting over the past or planning the future. Time is such a factor which once gone is gone forever thus the more time spent thinking about anything other than the present is nothing other than the wastage of valuable time which otherwise can be used to strengthen the future by focusing on the present.
Today is actually that tomorrow, regarding which one worried yesterday. This is what is the usual scenario, the present is wasted worrying about future regarding which one has no clue that what is about to come. The earlier one gets to implement this reality in his or her life the better it is since then they are actually walking on the path of betterment and the truth is that a better individual is the key to a better society
This is only a brief idea based on which one can write their essay. One could elaborate eon the above mentioned points or they could frame their own points as per choice. Adding a word of caution, its nice to have a long essay but the points should differ from each other else it might look like an endless loop repeating the same sentences over and over again with a mild change in the sentence formation.
